#### Welcome to the website for the Bay Area J20 resisters! We appreciate your attention. If you want to further get involved in the campaign, here are some ways to get involved: 
1. Distribute flyers about the J20 11. We have lovely postcards printed up and they need to get to The People all weekend and into next week. Shows, political events, parties, on the streets, in coffee shops: we need to get the word out. If you want flyers, please e-mail the <a href="mailto:friendsofj20resisters@gmail.com?subject=Flyering - Redirected From Website">Friends of J20 Resisters group.</a> (friendsofj20resisters@gmail.com)
2. Phone banking/texting everyone who signed the petition this weekend, asking them to call George Gascón on the 11th and show up to court on the 12th. WHEN: 12/4 and 12/5. To get involved, please E-mail the <a href="mailto:friendsofj20resisters@gmail.com?subject=Flyering - Redirected From Website">Friends of J20 Resisters group.</a> (friendsofj20resisters@gmail.com)
3. Call George Gascón on Monday, December 11th and demand that he drop the charges against the Bay Area J20 resisters. He claims to be progressive, and if he is worth his word (let alone his election to office) he MUST DROP THE CHARGES NOW. George is at: 415-553-1751
4. Show up to court! The resisters need your actual, in-person support. Showing up on this day and just being there in the back of the courtroom, in numbers, will show we have a strong community ready to fight for what is right! Showing up also helps the resisters know we actually really have their backs. Tuesday, December 12th, 9am at 850 Bryant in SF.
